Add /en/utol/{lecturers,students} (#1024)
utelecon/utelecon.github.io: src/pages/en/utol/lecturers/index.mdx

### Course Materials

The course materials function allows you to publish files such as class materials to enrolled students. Please refer to “**[Using course material function in UTOL (for Course Instructors / TAs)](materials/)**” for more details on how to use the function.

### Quizzes

The quiz function allows you to give questions to enrolled students and have them submit answers. In addition, it is possible for you to grade the submitted answers or make comments as feedback. Please refer to “[Using quiz function in UTOL (for Course Instructors / TAs)](quizzes/)” for more details on how to use the function.

### Surveys

The survey function allows you to conduct surveys of the enrolled students and view the results. 
Please refer to “**[Using survey function in UTOL (for Course Instructors / TAs)](surveys/)**” for more details on how to use the function.

### Forums

> The forum function enables the exchange of opinions through text messages between you and the enrolled students, as well as among the enrolled students. Unlike the [Message function](#messages), which allows only enrolled students you are exchanging to be able to view messages, the forum function enables to make messages to open all enrolled students. Please refer to “**[Using forum function in UTOL (for Course Instructors / TAs)](forums/)**” for more details on how to use the function.

Author: ```suggestion
The forum function enables the exchange of opinions through text messages between you and the enrolled students, as well as among the enrolled students. Unlike the [Message function](#messages), which allows only enrolled students you are exchanging to be able to view messages, the forum function enables to make messages to open to all enrolled students. Please refer to “**[Using forum function in UTOL (for Course Instructors / TAs)](forums/)**” for more details on how to use the function.
```

### Course Materials

The course materials function allows you to publish files such as class materials to enrolled students. Please refer to “**[Using course material function in UTOL (for Faculty Members・TA)](materials/)**” for more details on how to use the function.

### Quizzes

The quiz function allows you to give questions to enrolled students and have them submit answers. In addition, it is possible for you to grade the submitted answers or make comments as feedback. Please refer to “[Using quiz function in UTOL (for Faculty Members・TA)](quizzes/)” for more details on how to use the function.

### Surveys

The survey function allows you to conduct surveys of the enrolled students and view the results. 
Please refer to “**[Using survey function in UTOL (for Faculty Members・TA)](surveys/)**” for more details on how to use the function.

### Forums

> The forum function enables the exchange of opinions through text messages between you and the enrolled students, as well as among the enrolled students. Unlike the [Message function](#messages), which allows only enrolled students you are exchanging to be able to view messages, the forum function enables to make messages to open all enrolled students. Please refer to “**[Using forum function in UTOL (for Faculty Members・TA)](forums/)**” for more details on how to use the function.

Author: ```suggestion
The forum function enables the exchange of opinions through text messages between you and the enrolled students, as well as among the enrolled students. Unlike the [Message function](#messages), which allows only enrolled students you are exchanging to be able to view messages, the forum function enables to make messages open to all enrolled students. Please refer to “**[Using forum function in UTOL (for Faculty Members・TA)](forums/)**” for more details on how to use the function.
```

Author: リンク先のタイトルを変更しました．

### Attendance Management

The attendance management function allows you to request enrolled students to report their attendance for classes. Please refer to “**[Using attendance management in UTOL (for Faculty Members・TA)](attendances/)**” for more details on how to use the function.

## Course Settings

This section explains how to configure the settings for the entire course.

You can set items such as the following for each individual course. Please note that TAs are not able to modify these settings except for some exceptions.

- Course Summary and Online Course Information
  - You can set the course summaries, and URLs for the meeting rooms (in case of online classes).
- Managing participants
  - You can manage the enrolled students who participate in the course by the following settings or functions.
    - Self-registration setting
    - Enrolled student range setting

>     - Function to add or delete course participants (for more details, please refer to “[Registering course participants in UTOL (for Faculty Members・TA)](settings/course_participants/)”)

Reviewer: リンク先のタイトルと異なっていたので、揃える提案です。（リンク先タイトルを変えても良いかもしれません。）
```suggestion
    - Function to add or delete course participants (for more details, please refer to “[Registering course participants in UTOL (for lecturers / TAs)](settings/course_participants/)”)
```

>     - Function to group participants (For more details, please refer to “[Using user group function in UTOL (for Faculty Members・TA)](settings/user_groups/)”)

Reviewer: リンク先のタイトルと異なっていたので、揃える提案です。（リンク先タイトルを変えても良いかもしれません。）
```suggestion
    - Function to group participants (For more details, please refer to “[Using the user group feature in UTOL (for lecturers / TAs)](settings/user_groups/)”)
```

    - Display/Hide settings for a course instructor
- Creating / Editing / Deleting Labels
  - This function allows you to group contents in the course by using a label function.
- Message and Attendance Settings
  - These functions allow you to decide whether or not to enable the message function and whether or not to display the class attendance information.
- Linking with External Tools (LTI usage settings)
  - You can configure the settings related to the function that links the course in the UTOL with external tools. 
- Course Group Settings
  - Course group is the function that allows you to manage multiple courses together.

>   - Please refer to “[Using course group function in UTOL (For Faculty Members・TA)](settings/course_group/)” for more details.

Reviewer: リンク先のタイトルと異なっていたので、揃える提案です。（リンク先タイトルを変えても良いかもしれません。）
```suggestion
  - Please refer to “[Using the course group feature in UTOL (for lecturers / TAs)](settings/course_group/)” for more details.
```

- Reusing Contents
  - This function allows you to copy contents such as notifications or assignments from courses you have previously been in charge of, as well as courses that are managed by other faculty members.

> Please refer to “[Configuring Course Settings in UTOL (For Faculty Members・TA)](settings/)” for more details on the above settings.

Reviewer: リンク先のタイトルと異なっていたので、揃える提案です。（リンク先タイトルを変えても良いかもしれません。）
```suggestion
Please refer to “[Setting up courses in UTOL (for lecturers / TAs)](settings/)” for more details on the above settings.
```
